# A C# Tutorial

I am learning C# for work (and a little bit for pleasure).

I am using this tutorial on [Udemy.com](http://udemy.com) called [A 19 Hour C# Course With Microsoft Visual Studio 2013](https://www.udemy.com/csharpbasics/#).

I have been doing the tutorial for a while now, and I just realized that I should probably be posting my notes from the application. Instead of saving multiple projects, they will all be in one project but erased as I go through each lesson. Before I erase the code, however, I will be commit the changes to Github to act as my reference for later on.

Brilliant, right? I think so. You most likely don't, though. That's okay.

### Issues with course

1. The quizzes are not implemented well. The questions sometimes do not make sense
2. Tom's spelling is not great, but he is working to improve on it
3. He repeats himself a lot, but for beginners, that would be useful. 

### Things I like

1. Repetition - I feel like I am getting the syntax really well because I have to type it out so many times. At first, I thought it was annoying, but now that I am able to write C# code so quickly (basic stuff), I see the benefit from doing things over and over again.
2. Debug and step into - using a great feature of Visual Studio to step into the code line by line is fantastic. I wish it could work with every language with which I write code.

So far, so good! Thank you Tom for making such a great course so far! I have learned a lot about C#, and I am looking forward to learning more!
